Added new auto_encrypt.grpc_server_tls config option to control AutoTLS enabling of GRPC Server's TLS usage (for main branch) (#14269)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/agent/config/config-files.mdx

    - `verify_incoming` - ((#tls_grpc_verify_incoming)) Overrides [`tls.defaults.verify_incoming`](#tls_defaults_verify_incoming).

>     - `use_auto_cert` - (Defaults to `false`) When true, auto_encrypt TLS settings will be applied to gRPC listener.
>       This is mainly intended for disabling TLS on gRPC server while using auto_encrypt for other TLS usages (like HTTPS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `use_auto_cert` - (Defaults to `false`) Enables or disables TLS on gRPC servers. Set to `true` to allow `auto_encrypt` TLS settings to apply to gRPC listeners. We recommend disabling TLS on gRPC servers if you are using `auto_encrypt` for other TLS purposes, such as enabling HTTPS.
```
A few grammar fixes and switching to active voice per the style guide.
